feat(docs): generate cli docs directly from the struct (#12717)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

## Improvements

- The miner actor builtin `QAPowerForWeight` no longer accepts the unused "dealWeight" parameter, the function signature now only takes 3 arguments: sectorSize, sectorDuration, verifiedWeight. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12445](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12445))

> - Generate the cli docs directly from the structs instead using binaries. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12717](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12717))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate the cli docs directly from the code instead compiling and executing binaries' `help` output. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12717](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12717))
```

## 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Contributors

> | Contributor | Commits | Lines ± | Files Changed |

Reviewer: too much changelog auto-formatting again, this needs to be undone
